docs: Add Contao recipe to Quickstarts (#6674)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    ddev launch
    ```

## Contao

Further information can also be found in the [Contao documentation](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/guides/local-installation/ddev/).

=== "Composer"

    ```bash
    mkdir -p ~/projects/my-contao && cd ~/projects/my-contao
    ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm --php-version=8.2 --create-docroot --timezone=Europe/Berlin
    ddev composer create contao/managed-edition:5.3
    
    # After installation, the database access data must be entered in the .env.local file. At the same time, we also set up Mailpit here too:
    # DATABASE_URL=mysql://db:db@db:3306/db
    # MAILER_DSN=smtp://localhost:1025
    
    # Create the database
    ddev exec "bin/console contao:migrate"
    
    # Create backend user
    ddev exec "bin/console contao:user:create"

>     ddev launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ddev launch /contao
```
would it make sense to point the ddev launch command to the login page for the backend. with just `ddev launch` i am getting to the front end and that leaves me with a 404 following these instructions
![Screenshot 2024-11-03 at 19 45 54](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b657218c-8954-4a08-8e48-3efa91a7b0a7)

Author: Thanks. Added this as a comment.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to leave only `ddev launch /contao` because it's the only page that works from the start. (And Contao Manager also redirects to the admin area first.)

    ddev launch
    ```

## Contao

Further information can also be found in the [Contao documentation](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/guides/local-installation/ddev/).
The [Contao demo website](https://demo.contao.org/), with demonstrations and examples of some of the features this CMS, can be added when installing the CMS and is designed to help you get started with your first web projects.
The demo website can be optionally installed alongside Contao, either through the [Contao Manager or with Composer](https://github.com/contao/contao-demo). 

=== "Composer"

    ```bash

>     mkdir -p ~/projects/my-contao && cd ~/projects/my-contao
>     ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm --php-version=8.2 --create-docroot --timezone=Europe/Berlin
>     ddev composer create contao/managed-edition:5.3
>     
>     # After installation, the database access data must be entered in the .env.local file. At the same time, we also set up Mailpit here too:
>     # DATABASE_URL=mysql://db:db@db:3306/db
>     # MAILER_DSN=smtp://localhost:1025
>     
>     # Create the database
>     ddev exec "bin/console contao:migrate"
>     
>     # Create backend user
>     ddev exec "bin/console contao:user:create"
>     
>     # The administration area can be accessed directly: ddev launch /contao
>     ddev launch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    mkdir my-contao-site && cd my-contao-site
    ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm
    ddev composer create contao/managed-edition

    # set DATABASE_URL and MAILER_DSN in .env.local
    ddev dotenv set .env.local --database-url=mysql://db:db@db:3306/db --mailer-dsn=smtp://localhost:1025

    # Create the database
    ddev exec "bin/console contao:migrate -n"

    # Create backend user
    ddev exec "bin/console contao:user:create --username=admin --name=Administrator --email=admin@example.com --language=en --password=Password123 --admin"

    # Access the administration area
    ddev launch /contao
```

    ```

=== "Contao Manager"    

    Like most PHP projects, Contao could be installed and updated with Composer. The [Contao Manager](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/installation/contao-manager/) is a tool that provides a graphical user interface to manage a Contao installation.

    ```bash

>     mkdir -p ~/projects/my-contao && cd ~/projects/my-contao
>     ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm --php-version=8.2 --create-docroot --timezone=Europe/Berlin
>     ```
> 
>     Afterwards you can [download the Contao Manager](https://contao.org/en/download), copy it into the public directory and rename it (.php). Start DDEV and follow the further steps within the Contao Manager.
> 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
    mkdir my-contao-site && cd my-contao-site
    ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm
    ddev start

    # Download the Contao Manager
    ddev exec "wget -O public/contao-manager.phar.php https://download.contao.org/contao-manager/stable/contao-manager.phar"

    # Follow the further steps within the Contao Manager, insert mysql://db:db@db:3306/db when asked for database
    ddev launch /contao-manager.phar.php
    ```
````

Author: Thank you very much. I have included the corresponding updates in the last commit & moved the note on installing the Contao demo website

    ddev launch
    ```

## Contao

Further information on the DDEV procedure can also be found in the [Contao documentation](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/guides/local-installation/ddev/).

=== "Composer"

    ```bash
    mkdir my-contao-site && cd my-contao-site
    ddev config --project-type=php --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm --php-version=8.2

>     ddev composer create contao/managed-edition:5.3

Reviewer 2: Is there some reason to pin the version to 5.3?

I tested the latest, and it worked fine.

Author: Simply because it represents the (current) LTS version.
See: https://contao.org/en/release-plan

    
    # Set DATABASE_URL and MAILER_DSN in .env.local
    ddev dotenv set .env.local --database-url=mysql://db:db@db:3306/db --mailer-dsn=smtp://localhost:1025

    # Create the database
    ddev exec contao-console contao:migrate --no-interaction
    
    # Create backend user
    ddev exec contao-console contao:user:create --username=admin --name=Administrator --email=admin@example.com --language=en --password=Password123 --admin
    
    # Access the administration area
    ddev launch contao
    ```

> === "Contao Manager"    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== "Contao Manager"
```
